Duc: Hi Thanh! Thank you for joining us for this interview. We are very appreciated. This interview will be last around 20-30 minutes, so hope that we can cover all 
questions on the list during that time, ok! First, may I ask you again for some personal 
information. I would like to ask how do you identify yourself?

Thanh: I am a male, 18 years old.

Duc: Thank you. How often do you travel?

Thanh: Domestically I travel frequently a year and internationally it is twice a year. 

Duc: That's awesome, what about social media? How frequently do you use social media?  

Thanh: Yes, I do. Around 4 hours a day

Duc: So can you tell me what kind of travelling do you like?

Thanh: Yeah, I love travelling with my friends. I used to travel with my family a lot but travelling with friends is something different. It's kind of wild you know.

Duc: Yeah I love travelling with friends too. But what way do you usually travel, for example self-planning or tour?

Thanh: Definitely self-planning

Duc: Okay. What is the most important element for you in travelling?

Thanh: I think the most important elements is budget and activities. 

Duc: What about legal system?

Thanh: It's actually quite important too, but you know I travel for experiences and relaxing so I care more about the other things.

Duc: Alright. Have you ever used any travel app? 

Thanh: Not at all

Duc: What does make you not want to use a travel app? 

Thanh: It's actually quite difficult to use. Sometimes I don't prefer the recommended locations or tours of the app, and the app don't have other options.

Duc: So what do you think about having a self-planning app that recommend travel location for people and maybe having an options, for example, you fill in your travel budget and it will automatically suggest you a location that suits your preferences.

Thanh: That would be great! 

Duc: Can you think of any features you would like to see in a travel app? 

Thanh: It would be great if the app can recommend travel places depend on seasons or weather. It's so nice if I can go sightseeing sakura when it's in the most spectacular moment.

Duc: Thank you for your time. Such an insight interview!